Hi all,

Today is my last working day. This is my first farewell letter.
今天是我在雀巢工作的最后一天。

I have spent almost 6 years here in Nestle since my graduation. Frankly, I've never expected to be treated so nice and generous.
过去六年弹指一挥间，巨感谢大家的厚待。

Thanks to my bosses who kept me busy and throw one after another quite different business to my mail box. Years woking made me the best E&A professional in civil team，the best civil engineer in AMM group, the best AMM user in lubrication system, the best grease monkey in E&T pillar, the best E&Ter for technical store management and the EOQ master in E&A team.
让我在各个方面都得以发展。

With all your support I became a multi skill specialist and do not give in to fear or Change. The diverse exploration brings an illusion to me that I can take any job at any time, I accept another challenge outside Nestle and start from zero, I'm not sure the place I'm heading for is heaven or hells, especially how great my current employer is.
春草初生，春林初盛，然而我决定离开。

With mixed feeling, I have to say goodbye to all. I don't want to unfold a long long thanks list but I know I will miss the faces of all my dear mates, I will miss you, miss the pending and resolved technical issues, miss the drunk after workshop, miss the performance in annual dinner, miss the drumstick in lunch time, miss the force to attend meetings, miss the social block, miss the Wednesday basketball, miss the endless rehearsal for presentation, miss the technical calls in midnight, miss the tough days and miss the good old days.
很不舍和各位告别，在这里的每一个瞬间都将成为我难忘的回忆。

It's a wonderful journey. Goodbye for now, but I still will be in touch with. You are welcome to choose the contacts you are comfortable with and say hi to me at any time.
未来很长，保持联系。

E-mail: liruizhi@gmail.com
Cell Phone: 18622134310
Wechat: ruizhilee

Again, it has been a big pleasure to work with you.I wish each of you, the very best in all your future endeavors, do the things you want to do and be the people you want to be!
很荣幸一起共事，愿梦想照进现实。

Best Regards,
Li Ruizhi
